Airgap refactor (#2003)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vertex/install-palette-vertex/airgap/checklist.md

- [ ] `zip` is installed and available.

- [ ] Download the airgap setup binary from the support team.

> - [ ] Create a private repository with the name `spectro-packs` in your OCI registry. You can use a different name if

Reviewer: This is required if you setup your own OVA instead of Palette's one

      you prefer.

- [ ] Create a public repository with the name `spectro-images` in your OCI registry. You can use a different name if
      you prefer.

- [ ] Authenticate with your OCI registry and acquired credentials to both repositories.

- [ ] Download the Certificate Authority (CA) certificate from your OCI registry.

- [ ] Set the required environment variables for the airgap setup binary. The values are different depending on what
      type of OCI registry you use.

> - [ ] Start the airgap setup binary and verified the setup completed successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Start the airgap setup binary and verify the setup is completed successfully.
```

- [ ] Review the list of pack binaries to download and upload to your OCI registry.

- [ ] Extract the manifest content from the airgap setup binary to an HTTP file server.

> - [ ] Ensure the manifest content is hosted on an HTTP file server that is accessible from the environment you are
>       installing VerteX.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Ensure the manifest content is hosted on an HTTP file server accessible from the environment to which you are installing VerteX.
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="VMware vSphere" value="vsphere">

> - [ ] Create a vSphere VM and Template folder with the name `spectro-templates`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Create a vSphere VM and Template folder named `spectro-templates`.
```

> - [ ] Import the Operating System and Kubernetes distribution OVA required for the install and placed the OVA in the
>       `spectro-templates` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Import the Operating System and Kubernetes distribution OVA required for the installation and place the OVA in the `spectro-templates` folder.
```

> - [ ] Append an `r_` prefix and remove the `.ova` suffix to the OVA name after the import.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Append an `r_` prefix and remove the `.ova` suffix from the OVA name after the import.
```

> - [ ] Start the airgap setup binary and verified the setup completed successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Start the airgap setup binary and verify the setup is completed successfully.
```
